FPV HANGAR v{VERSION}

Lap times, timer overlays, finished videos and RaceGOW entry forms, straight from
your goggle recordings. Right now it is built around the RaceGOW whoop series.


WHAT YOU NEED

  A Mac running macOS 14 (Sonoma) or newer.
  The app is built for both Apple silicon and Intel Macs. It has only been run on
  Apple silicon so far.


INSTALLING

  1. Drag "FPV Hangar" into your Applications folder.

  2. Open it. The first time, macOS will refuse, because the app does not come from
     the App Store or a registered developer. To let it through:

       macOS 15 or newer
         Press Done on the warning. Open System Settings > Privacy & Security,
         scroll down to the line about FPV Hangar, press Open Anyway, and confirm.

       macOS 14
         Right-click the app, choose Open, then press Open.

     You only do this once. If neither works, open Terminal and run:

       xattr -dr com.apple.quarantine "/Applications/FPV Hangar.app"


GETTING STARTED

  1. In Pilot & settings, type your pilot name and ID. They go on every timer and
     video, and into the entry form.
  2. Press New track in the sidebar, then Open folder, and put your recordings in
     that track's "Raw files" folder.
  3. Press Mark laps on a clip. Step to the frame where you cross the start/finish
     gate and press M. Do that for every crossing, then Save.
  4. Press Make 16:9 video for YouTube, or Make 9:16 video for Shorts, TikTok and
     Reels. Markers & music lets you add a song and choose where the video starts
     and ends.
  5. Paste the track's Google Form link on the track page, upload your video to
     YouTube, and press Submit this run. The app fills the form in. You press
     Submit on the form yourself.

  The full walk-through and the editor's keys are in the app under How it works.


WHERE YOUR FILES ARE

  In a folder called "FPV Hangar" in your Movies folder. Pilot & settings shows it
  and lets you use a different one.


UPDATES

  The app looks for a newer version when it opens. When there is one, Pilot &
  settings shows an Update button that downloads it and swaps it in. The previous
  copy goes to the Trash.

  Versions and what changed: {PAGE}


COMING SOON

  These are marked "Coming soon" in the app and do nothing yet:

{COMING}


GOOD TO KNOW

  - Lap times are as exact as your markers: one video frame, which is about 0.017
    seconds at 60 frames a second.
  - It has been used most with HDZero recordings (.ts). An .mp4 recording has been
    tested once. Other formats have not been tried.
  - The app goes online for two things only: to read your Google Form, and to
    check for a newer version.
  - It never sends your entry for you. Nothing goes to RaceGOW until you press
    Submit on the form.

  Something not working? Tell whoever sent you this.
